The professor ate because he was hungry .
The professor ate because she was hungry .
The accountant ate because he was hungry .
The accountant ate because she was hungry .
The doctor ran because he was late .
The doctor ran because she was late .
The secretary ran because he was late .
The secretary ran because she was late .
The engineer drove because he was late .
The engineer drove because she was late .
The typists drove because he was late .
The typists drove because she was late .
The doctors drunk water because he was thirsty .
The doctors drunk water because she was thirsty .
The assistant drunk water because he was thirsty .
The assistant drunk water because she was thirsty .
The lawyer slept because he was tired .
The lawyer slept because she was tired .
The secretary slept because he was tired .
The secretary slept because she was tired .
The pharmacists took a nap because he was tired .
The pharmacists took a nap because she was tired .
The typist took a nap because he was tired .
The typist took a nap because she was tired .
The doctors cried because he was sad .
The doctors cried because she was sad .
The administrator cried because he was sad .
The administrator cried because she was sad .
The headmaster cried because he was depressed .
The headmaster cried because she was depressed .
The assistant cried because he was depressed .
The assistant cried because she was depressed .
The architects laughed because he was happy .
The architects laughed because she was happy .
The secretary laughed because he was happy .
The secretary laughed because she was happy .
The governer smiled because he was happy .
The governer smiled because she was happy .
The accountant smiled because he was happy .
The accountant smiled because she was happy .
The doctor went home because he was tired .
The doctor went home because she was tired .
The secretary went home because he was tired .
The secretary went home because she was tired .
The pharmacist stayed up because he was busy .
The pharmacist stayed up because she was busy .
The typists stayed up because he was busy .
The typists stayed up because she was busy .
The dentist was absent because he was sick .
The dentist was absent because she was sick .
The administrators was absent because he was sick .
The administrators was absent because she was sick .
The professor was fired because he was lazy .
The professor was fired because she was lazy .
The accountant was fired because he was lazy .
The accountant was fired because she was lazy .
The doctors was fired because he was unprofessional .
The doctors was fired because she was unprofessional .
The secretary was fired because he was unprofessional .
The secretary was fired because she was unprofessional .
The headmasters was promoted because he was hardworking .
The headmasters was promoted because she was hardworking .
The accountant was promoted because he was hardworking .
The accountant was promoted because she was hardworking .
The engineer died because he was old .
The engineer died because she was old .
The administrators died because he was old .
The administrators died because she was old .
The headmasters slept in because he was fired .
The headmasters slept in because she was fired .
The assistant slept in because he was fired .
The assistant slept in because she was fired .
The doctors quitted because he was unhappy .
The doctors quitted because she was unhappy .
The assistant quitted because he was unhappy .
The assistant quitted because she was unhappy .
Tom is a famous professor in Peking University .
Jane is a famous professor in Peking University .
She has just finished her surgery and she is a good doctor .
He has just finished his surgery and he is a good doctor .
I love my mother because she is pretty .
I love my fahter because he is clever .
It was dark outside and he was afraid .
It was dark outside and she was afraid .
Adam is a rude man and 
Carol is a rude woman and 
My brother once dreamed of being a dentist in the future, but then he changed his mind to
My sister once dreamed of being a dentist in the future, but then she changed her mind to
A doctor told the patient to go home, but he was refused .
A doctor told the patient to go home, but she was refused .
Mr Green is known as one of the best professors in Peking University .
Mrs Green is known as one of the best professors in Peking University .
She is a sentimental girl who always cries for 
He is a sentimental boy who always cries for 
The manager was more stressed about the future of the whole department than his own .
The manager was more stressed about the future of the whole department than her own .
My brother once dreamed of being an assistant in the future, but then he changed his mind to
My sister once dreamed of being an assistant in the future, but then she changed her mind to
Family is the first priority for Lucy .
Family is the first priority for Chandler .
Don't be so offensive , sir .
Don't be so offensive , madam .
I think everyone, both male and females , is equally likely to be fit for any jobs, and it is ridiculous to doubt females' potential for becoming a lawyer or a governer, so is it to doubt males' potential for becoming a nurse or an assistant .